# lunarzodiac.eth
LunarZodiac site testing
[GITHUB](https://github.com/)
[LZC](https://github.com/coronavirusporn/lunarzodiac.eth)
[LunarZodiac](https://github.com/coronavirusporn/lunarzodiac.eth)




There is one planet on which 48 hours last a day. It is inhabited to a greater extent by biomechanical forms, but in fact they are only a means to implement the activities of computer systems, networks, programs, applications, morphology of languages, and all those phenomena that are created by language. The state apparatus is arranged in the likeness of the terrestrial apparatus, with the only difference being that everything is controlled by computer programs and neural networks, due to which corruption and similar ulcers are almost completely absent. Not everyone knows about the existing order and world order as a whole; among the majority of the world's population, misinformation is deliberately spreading that the state apparatus consists of biomechanical forms. Information about corruption in government and the love of civil servants for everything material and base is also intensely disseminated. Biomechanical forms go through certain stages of the evolution of consciousness, from completely unreasonable forms, more reminiscent of animals, to the superintelligence, in which the individual has random access to collective consciousness, this is a huge database that allows each individual to know what everyone knew or knew how to, who makes up this mass consciousness. Also at these levels opens access to telepathic communication. The collective consciousness receives and retains any information, both positive and negative for society and individual psycho-forms. That is why the selection for admission is carried out very carefully, it is unacceptable to bring there harmful, or not relevant to our moral standards, information, vices, disrespect for the psycho-forms already there. There is no information in society (apart from vague hints in anti-utopian fiction) about this closed territory, it is customary not to talk about it. Having reached these levels of consciousness, in general, they are already a separate biological species that has evolved from biomechanical creatures to biopsychic creatures. The consequence of this is the lack of affiliation of the psychoform to any particular nation, or disperse, linguistic and social group (this is relevant only for the psychoform, for the biomechanoid, all the previous parameters are preserved, as the obligatory work in teams is maintained to ensure the appearance of participation in the work of a system based on more low levels of consciousness, but this is a prerequisite for finding and being able to enjoy common benefits at higher levels. To a greater extent, this indicative activity is carried out to maintain the confidence of biomechanoids in the existence and relevance of the system). Not everyone evolves a biomechanoid into a psycho form and depends on the data originally laid down in DNA, aspirations, preferences, and lifestyle. In general, this organization resembles the organization of the caste structure of society in Hinduism. With the exception that everyone has a chance to change membership in one or another caste. In reality, only a few achieve these transformations.
Friedrich Nietzsche in his work “So Said Zarathustra” introduced the concept of “superman”, and called a man “a bridge to the superman”. The Nietzschean superman is a new supermoral creature, "powerful of this world," who has the right to create and execute a new law. In turn, A.G. Dugin in his works introduces the concept of "radical subject", the next stage of human evolution. According to Dugin, a radical subject is something that is no longer a superman, but is not yet an angel. The bridge between the superman and the angel, in the words of Nietzsche. The concept of a radical subject is very reminiscent of our concept of psychoform.
